# Tribute website to Indian Legends
#### Video Demo: <https://youtu.be/oWyu8APYOUU>
#### Description: This is my cs50 final project. I made a tribute website on 2 Indian Legends - A.P.J Abdul Kalam and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. I made this website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. First I made two files- index.html and styles.css. In index.html I code the core of the website, linked index.html with styles.css using "href" , sourced the image of dr. Kalam from the specefic directory, made header main and footer, and filled it with necessary information. To each div I also gave it a class so that I can use styles.css accordingly on each text.Also to bold a single sentence, I used (b) both side of the sentence. I made a list of the books he wrote and gave each list a span id so that I can use it in script.js, as I wanted that whenever a reader clicks on the title of the books a alert pops up which will contain short information about the book. Added a footer with link to wikepedia and youtube link. Before the end of body I added script src="" and wrote the location of script.js. Also in the footer I added a link to a website which mentions more books written my dr.Kalam, I used this as I didn't want the reader to be limited. In script.js I used the alert on click function and in document.getElementById I mentioned the id of the list given before.U used this function in all 6 books i mentioned so that when the user click the title of the book a short information about the book pops up, which would be really helpful in book selection. Now I styled my index.html, In stlye.css i used the class i gave before to the texts, and aligned them properly, aligned the image and the header at the top center, changed the shape of the image by changing the width and the height accordingly, added a hover feature using li:hover and gave it a colour so that the colour of the text changes when hovered over. Aligned the footer at the left end using text-align: end; I made a qr code using python as david taught, and the qr code redirects to the youtube video of speeches said by the individuals. At the end I added a link to another html file(index2.html) and in index2.html i made a page about sardar vallabh bhai patel,I repeated the same process(made style2.css, script2.js and index2.html) with all the same code just different text and different colour schemes. Used CS50 ai duck whenever required like asking the color code of the particular colour. For qr.py I had to to run this code in terminal "pip install qrcode", and saved the qr code as PNG, and linked it with index.html.In summary, my CS50 final project represents a blend of technical proficiency in web development and a heartfelt tribute to the enduring legacies of A.P.J Abdul Kalam and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. By seamlessly integrating HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Python, I created an immersive online experience that informs, inspires, and celebrates the remarkable contributions of these iconic figures in Indian history and beyond. Starting with the foundational concepts from the Week 8 homepage problem set, I expanded upon these to create this project.
